hey what's going down fans is truthful
I'm back to bring another top five plays
of the week sorry about last week this
week would be a lot better at number
five we have I stopped too quick on
check out he was not searching for
groceries he wants headshots gets his
first victim rolling and he got that
Botox in his hand and he's going to get
nasty with it he turns around to see
Anya running up she looks like she's on
a period bitch are you crazy did you
just hit me get your head pop and then
he turns around to fuck dime up over
there fighting the locusts and then on
your sister gets mad and puts me on the
ground in the clip but it was still
dirty for number five sitting at number
four we've got s in 16 shots an old town
with thats knife in his hand and i swear
the other team is full of maria lovers
because he's gonna fuck up so many times
in this clip here we go we got the first
time pick his head out you get shot and
i'm kidding i'm not going to do the
Sesame Street shit but anyways he's
looking for the next victim looking
around he's gonna do a nice little 360
to survey the map I don't understand why
but he did it and then we keep moving
keeps moving here comes another dom i
get this head popping i'm kidding i'm
really not going to do that but he's
going to continue doing it dom rolls I
swear I don't know how many of you guys
love Maria but you must love her and
then he's going to peek out look over
there and smack the other dime running
away rolling whatever he was doing and
knows
other dime buddy miss them but that's it
with that clip yeah bored beats sitting
at number three obviously he's been
watching way too many Oprah specials
because he just wants to give away cars
but he's giving head shots instead you
get a head shot hold on you'll get a
head shot he's not done yet his head
shots for everyone in this bitch you'll
get a head shot and he's still not done
cuz Carmine's over there like what about
me wait wait yes you can get a head shot
for the quad gets the back to back to
back pop shots of line fires whatever it
was dirty sick and if you ever watch the
top 5 you must know it gets better and
better as the clips move along at number
two we got ww GaN Jin on Old Town with a
sniper in his hand getting his first
shot where the hell did you get your
name from but anyway she's gonna put in
work foul catch it to do who walks in
front of his screen and he's still not
done he's gonna get the little sweep
shot it's all put some on the ground
he's like oh hell no I'm gonna move into
this cover pick me up pick me up yo
motherfucker just fucked up cuz you're
gonna eat this bullet and take the quad
for the team 30 and signature number one
clip of the week we got 50 caliphate an
old town yet again with a sniper in his
hand ya'll must love old town anyways
catches the dude running away don't try
that shit and then he gets the active
and another guy tries to be a track star
obviously it's the black guy damn oh
well anyways I swear 50 you must not
love Coltrane in this mug because you
just destroy him in this damn cliff here
he comes again another Coltrane don't
roll at me and then Dom tries to pick
his head out you still looking familiar
don't try that shit gets the active
feeling for
victim catches markers over there with
his bandana of course and he's not done
fast forward the club he's already got
five and he's looking for six here it
comes he walks around get their old
stuff get destroyed he just exited out
the thing because he doesn't even need
to shoot no more because I was just a
dirty ass club I am out that is weak to
you GG bitch underground whatever you
want to say I'm out deuces